# python-api-challenge
Homework 6
The Python API homework included two parts. The first part was working with the citypy Python library and OpenWeatherMap API. From citipy, 500+ cities were randomly throughout the world (using random latitudes and longitudes). I took the cities along with weather variables and created a dataframe. I found and dropped the ones with null values and created four different scatterplots (latitude vs. temperature, humidity, cloudiness, and wind speed). Then I used a function to create different Linear Regression plots for the northern and southern hemispheres.These included: Temperature vs. Latitude, Humidity vs. Latitude, Cloudiness vs. Latitude, and Wind Speed vs. Latitude. I did not find any strong relationships between any of the variables. Temperature vs. Latitude for both the northern and southern hemispheres did show a positive relationship with r-squared values of .58 and .68. The strongest relationships would have a r-squared value of 1. 
The second part of the homework was working with Geoapify and the dataframe I created in the first section (that was saved as a csv). I used Geoapify to take the dataframe and plot weather variables on a map of the world. Ideal conditions were then identified and a new dataframe was created to find the best cities in the world with these conditions. Finally, I used Geoapify to search for hotels that were within a 10,000 meter radius of the selected cities. This information was then used to create another map plotting the hotels and with a hover message for additional information. 
